a new and fifth model integrating
a mobile radar of new appearances
jaguars fps and infiniti which 30 and the
corvette who races with the man
cannon is the menu of this Wednesday 24
June
welcome to all so we start with the
new terror of the motorists I
named the dacia sandero stepway after the
Renault Megane 208 and 308 or
still the citroën berlingo
it is indeed the fifth model of
chosen car to ship a radar
new generation mobile
emmanuel beard delegate
interdepartmental security
road shows us why this choice
a woman hero it's a car that
everyone can have it's a
normal car and so she goes
add to our park which is composed
of four other models and altogether 2 15
colors
the idea it is assumed is that
cars are melted into the base
it's not seen
before it must not she what troubles
of behavior or which of exchange and
this first copy delivered to the
gendarmerie of nemours in the 77 is
far from being the only one
in total they are 60 and a dacia sandero
stepway who will join the 254 radars
already existing mobile mobiles they
will be delivered before the end of 2015
we move on to something else with the
teasers season that continues and at the
close to Frankfurt's mid lounge
September
it's up to jaguar to remind us that there
will present the fps his very first suv
directly derived from the concept cx 17
presented at the 2013 edition of the show
German the one that jaguar advertises as
a successful crossover is therefore preparing to
become reality
but for now it will be necessary to be satisfied
of his signature light way eft hype
in the back and his feline look at
the front the jaguar fps it's for very
soon two years to the day after y
have presented his sedan concept
compact than 30
infiniti will also benefit from the
Frankfurt to unveil the model of
series and while engineers
make the last adjustments
dynamic where 30 will show
partially in a few days at
goodwood festival in a box
giant who will let appear his
curves to finish we go to mexico
or chevrolet decided to brag about
merits of the corvette z06 in a way
to say the least unusual to set
worth the agility the power and the
car performance
chevrolet believed good to put in his
hands the life of the gun man
it is indeed the corvette that will have to
trigger on its way the opening
of the safety net supposed to accommodate
the flying man
and if the pilot and his mount are not
not fast enough the fall may be
fatal the suspense is unsustainable and
Here is the result
See you tomorrow